Add explanation to CONTRIBUTING for where to find other docs (#2488)
prometheus/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

  on our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/prometheus-developers).
  This will avoid unnecessary work and surely give you and us a good deal
  of inspiration.

> * Note that not all of the documents you see on <https://prometheus.io> are sourced from this repository. If you're unable to find the documents here, you may want to look in <https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/tree/main/docs>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generally, the documents you see on https://prometheus.io are sourced from this repository. The only exception are the documentation pages that are versioned per Prometheus release. Those are sourced in [prometheus/prometheus docs directory](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/tree/main/docs) for the related version.

```

Author: 👍 That offers both a a helpful explanation to me and a good improvement. I'll make one more tweak after I commit it.

  on our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/prometheus-developers).
  This will avoid unnecessary work and surely give you and us a good deal
  of inspiration.

> * Generally, the documents you see on https://prometheus.io are sourced from this repository. The only exception are the documentation pages that are versioned per Prometheus release. Those are sourced in [prometheus/prometheus docs directory](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/tree/main/docs) for the related version.

Author: ```suggestion
* Generally, the documents you see on <https://prometheus.io> are sourced from this repository. The only exception are the documentation pages that are versioned per Prometheus release. Those are sourced in [the docs directory of the prometheus/prometheus repository](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/tree/main/docs) for the related version.
```
